What? Are you taking someone with you?
Is this a lie to you? Didn’t Bingtou ask you to send it?
What qualifications does a poor young man have?
I tell you. This betrothal gift is noble,
His mother, the prince, even sent it over.
That's right. Everyone,
This comment is mine and I will not give it away.
Once dressed, Xiao Jane is beautiful and smooth,
Of course you can be satisfied with the contract.
I really didn't expect you,
Such remarks are shameless and wrong.
For the sake of your choice, I will not hesitate to change my words,
You won't be afraid of offending Hotan.
Really take a look with your dog eyes
No more noble than your status
I thought you and I were so loud
If we make a big move
Groups with foreign friends
Behind him is Tianhan's protective front coat
Worth reached 300 billion
The whole Tianhan will shake three times
You should say something
How dare he take such a job?
It doesn’t matter whether it’s reality or not
What if she lied to her daughter and it was really in her heart?
These gifts are very noble together.
Maybe I can forgive you for not seeing me
Their prince is so happy and magnanimous
Could you just say that this dog-legged former Yunren
Hundreds of billions of benefits after greeting guests
Back then, my family was poor and silent.
It was me, Mr. Lin, who gave it to him
Pointed out a famous business path
Otherwise, today’s Tianhai
Today I called the person in front
Then I'll let you do it in front of the people in front of you
Let me get him to the Dynasty Hotel
Clean up the innocent yourself
Just pack things for me